contact support using widget (#48)
tidbcloud/dbaas-docs: tidb-cloud-support.md

TiDB Cloud offers support services to your organization. To contact our support team, perform the following steps:

> 1. Click **Support** on the upper right of the top navigation bar, and click **Contact Support**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Support** on the upper right of the top navigation bar, and click **Contact Support**. Or directly click the **Help** icon on the lower right.
```

> 2. File your ticket with the pop-up Zendesk Widget.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
2. On the pop-up Zendesk widget, fill in your request.
```

> 3. Click Send to submit your requests.

Reviewer: - Let's keep the format consistent for such UI words.
- Since in step 2, we use the singular "ticket", if one ticket corresponds to one request, perhaps we should use the singular form here for "request"?

```suggestion
3. Click **Send** to submit your request.
```

> 3. Click **Send** to submit your request.

Reviewer: "ticket" or "request"? Please keep words consistent.

Author: Let's use the word "ticket", which will appear in the user's email.

> 4. Please check your email to view the status of your request history and communication records. You can continue to communicate with the support team before the request is closed.

Reviewer: Generally, no need to use the word "please" in documentation, which is over-polite.
```suggestion
4. Check your email to view the status of your request history and communication records. You can continue to communicate with the support team before the request is closed.
```
